# Something Awesome proposal

The goal of my Something Awesome is to develop my security eyes and my audience's through the engaging medium of a game prototype.

When I started this course, I was very excited to learn that I consume security in almost everything I do from reading, watching movies and playing video games. Since I like playing games, I would like to take this opportunity to create a video game for an audience wanting to learn about security. In this situation, the video game will be largely inspired by situations we see often in fairytales and myths such as labyrinths and towers.

The game will have at best three parts in it where a situation taken from a fairytale or a myth will teach the game's audience about a security principle learnt in the course.

During my Something Awesome project, I hope to learn skills in game development, and become more familiar with using frameworks. If I have time left over, I will attempt at deploying the game on my portfolio website but this is likely to be done after the course in my own time as I am already learning an abundance of new skills during the project such as design and game development.

My plan for the five-six weeks we have is to finish the first draft of documentation as soon as possible so I can continuously adjust it as I learn more about the JavaScript game development framework, Phaser. Hopefully, by the final week, I will have time to film a video!

**Marking criteria**

| Pass | Credit | Distinction | High distinction |
|------|--------|-------------|------------------|
| Documentation is provided for two levels with the security situation and justification. | Documentation is provided for two levels with the security situation and security justification. | Documentation is provided for three levels with the security situation and justification. | Documentation is provided for three levels with the security situation and security justification. |
| One level has been programmed. | Two levels have been programmed. | Two levels have been programmed. | Three levels have been programmed. |
| Wrote three poorly written blog posts detailing my process and experiences. | Wrote three well written blog posts detailing my process and experiences. | Wrote five well written blog posts detailing my process and experiences. | Wrote five well written blog posts detailing my process and experiences. |
| | Includes supporting documentation so other people can contribute to the code. | Includes supporting documentation so other people can contribute to the code. | Includes supporting documentation so other people can contribute to the code. |
| | | | Uploaded a video tutorial on how to install the game and play the first level. |

**Glossary**

- Level - Comprised of a single theme drawn from myth and fairytales and one security concept explored by a game objective such as "Enter the tower". It may have additional layers.
- Security situation — The main puzzle of the game that determines what security concept is being explored. For example, if the security concept is security through obscurity, the security situation is to find the secret.
- Security justification — How does the level relate to security?
- Poorly written — Effortless, uninteresting blog posts.
- Well written — Effort is clear and the blog post provides insight into the process and the learning experience.
