# Setting up my Something Awesome

I am using a Linux VM to code my Something Awesome! Check out the repository here: https://github.com/CurePeach/something-awesome (Just found out GitHub has a dark mode so yay for not burning my eyes.)

The reason why I am using a Linux VM instead of coding directly on my Windows machine is because Windows is super weird. I have coded using Windows Subsystem for Linux and I have found it to be a little confusing because it conflicts with everything else on my laptop. Often, the coding environment feels out of control, and so I am using a fresh Linux VM to be in control.

(I found out you can ALT+TAB in the Ubuntu loading screen... When I accidentally did it just by habit.)

I am using the JavaScript game development framework, Phaser.

When I was looking at the "Getting Started" documents, I noticed the first thing it asked me to do was set up a web server. Originally, I thought I'd never used a web server before so I chose the simplest method available which was Mongoose Server. I was a little confused how to use it first because you download an executable, but I figured it out! I had to chmod first because it didn't have the permissions.

[Image of my terminal]

I also wasn't sure of the command (as seen above), but after some trial and error, I learnt the correct command.

mongoose_linux -d something-awesome
Once I was using it, I realised I had used a web server before. I had previously used the "Go live" VS Code extension beforehand which was a lot easier to use because it was at the press of a button. 

Speaking of VS Code, since this was a fresh Linux VM, I needed to install my trusty text editor. The software store Ubuntu uses wasn't loading for me so this was the first time I installed VS Code via command line using a .deb file.

Phaser is a JavaScript framework and I have used JavaScript frameworks in the past. This familiarity allows me to focus more on the security principles than trying to navigate an alien programming environment. Also, this gives me an opportunity to really understand what is going on in my repository. The last times I used JavaScript frameworks, I turned a blind eye to the package.json and node_modules files and just believed they worked. For this project, I want to be more in control.

I even wrote my first .gitignore file! :)

After the setup, I made sure that everything was working by uploading the sample code. It worked!

[Image of my web application]
