# Week 4 Something Awesome

Today, I have spent three hours on working on my Something Awesome! I spent it researching and coding, and making decisions.

**Something Awesome research and code**

Previously, I had only inserted the sample code into my index.html. My goal was to start working on separating screens so I can have a title screen which connects to other screens.

The first thing I did was separate the sample code into a game.js file. This took a little bit of googling like where to put things inside and adjusting my .html file. The reason why I did this was because I needed to see how to use .js files to interact with .html file. By using this sample code, I would know when it worked.

Once I got the general gist of things, I removed the sample code and tried to display a simple background. I took a deep dive into the node_modules to find the min.js file Phaser needs. I've never taken a look into node_modules without stressing so I'm really happy that I could actually navigate it. 

To create separate screens, you use the Phaser.Scene class. I've never used JavaScript classes but they are very similar to Java classes, so I didn't run into too many unfamiliarities. One big mistake I made was I forgot to add the constructor() part before the super() part. I also messed up the config in game.js because I typed "scene" instead of "scenes". 

I started working on the home screen and I created some rectangles to navigate between the three levels. I found the coordinates on the rectangles very interesting. The coordinates you pass in are the coordinates the rectangle is centred on, so through trial and error I now have the rectangles neatly arranged like so. I will probably replace these with rounded rectangle custom buttons.

I added text into the rectangle as well and this is where the coordinates get even funkier. The rectangles use the coordinates as their centre, right? So the text would too, right? WRONG! The text uses the coordinates as their starting point, just as expected. However, since I did the rectangles first, I thought I would just have to enter the same point so I could centre it in the rectangle. Instead, I had to find the coordinates for the far left of the rectangle so I could left-align all the text neatly.

[Image of the home screen of my web application]

**Something Awesome decisions**

I have finally decided on what to do for my levels! As seen above, there will be three themes: single point of failure, social engineering and security through obscurity. I am using docs/ as a way of planning my levels. Each level will be a series of parts inspired from a fairytale or a myth.

The single point of failure level assesses how well someone understands a situation and if they can find the weakest point. It starts with a situation introduction and then an interactive window where some objects will be selectable. Then, the player will select an object, confirm and then be checked if they were right or not. Throughout the entire level, they only have five chances and they won't progress to the next part without getting the right one.

The social engineering level's goal is to test how well the player can use their given cues to misdirect or abuse cognitive biases. There will be a meter determining their progress. It will start at a certain percentage depending on the character's naivety and the player will be given cues in either a form of dialogue or an action. These cues will cause the meter to go up or down. Once the meter is full, they have passed the part and can proceed, and if the meter is empty, that is game over.

The security through obscurity level tests the player's sleuthing skills and the main goal is to find the secret hidden among the clickable objects. The player will be given three clues per part but there are more than three clickable objects which reveal clues. After the three clues have been used up or earlier, they will have to give the secret they learnt, and if it's right, they will proceed to the next part.
