# Something Awesome sprint 1: Security Through Obscurity

**Sprint 1 start: Security through Obscurity**

As we entered the heavy coding side of the project, I decided to start using a taskboard. This taskboard is linked in my README file, and linked here. I also created a new branch as I begun working on the level because I was scared if I ruined something, even though there wasn't much to ruin. To be honest, it's more likely to be a habit rather than an actual choice. I think for future levels, a different branch is basically almost required just in case I do mess things up, and by then, there'll be a decent amount to mess up.

The first thing I did was try to create pop-ups whenever the player clicked on something. I found something pretty useful. I'm pretty used to regular event listeners and JavaScript and Phaser has their own. They have on() which is similar to a regular event listener but something I found difficult with using these is the naming of their events - "click" didn't work... I instead had to use "pointerdown" or "pointerup". As I was researching Phaser events, I came across something really cool which was like on() but it was called once(). What once() did which was different to on() was that the event would only be triggered once! This was perfect because I wanted the one object to only be able to be clicked once.

Now, I had my listener that checked for clicking. The next thing I had to do was create some text. To do that, I created another scene on my scene. So, each Phaser screen is a scene, and inside that scene you can have smaller scenes - essentially windows. I created windows which were the size of these rectangles I had on the side which was where I wanted the clues to be displayed. Then, whenever the box was clicked, the clue would be added. 

While I was looking through tutorials (which are all linked in the screens/STOScreen.js file), I found a function called setOrigin(). I tested it out and if I set the origin to 0.5, it ended up being in the centre of the window. I added this function the the home screen as well so I could have each title in the centre of the box. Another aesthetically pleasing aspect I have added was a colour scheme. I used this colour scheme from Canva which I thought expressed my colour vibe from security.

Something that set me back was my VM ran out of space. I am coding in a VM because my prior experience with coding on Windows Subsystem for Linux has been ehh. It is okay but I feel not very in control when I use my actual laptop as my programming machine. This is because it's very unclear where things go when I sudo apt-get install and I'm unsure how to clear it. Some things also just don't work with Windows and since Linux is the programming standard environment, I believe it is the best way to go.

Once the VM was up and running again, I added some graphics I found on the internet. Since I was using Sleeping Beauty as the fairytale, I used birds as the clue givers. We are in a Disney movie so why not use birds? The graphics I found are linked here.

The graphic linked above is actually six birds in one picture so I had to extract each bird and create a version with a transparent background. I used Microsoft PowerPoint and just followed a simple tutorial. This was actually really easy!

[Screenshot of Microsoft PowerPoint] 

While programming the birds into my code, I realised they were all different sizes and this was where I found a handy dandy scale() function. This added a little variance to my birds so I could give them different sizes and slightly different positions. 

This is what my program looks right now.

[Image of my web application] 

These are my next few goals:

- This level requires a text input of some sort so I am working on using HTML elements and organising them so I can display a question and answer form.
- I need to style the text so it is actually all in the box.

Some things I have been considering are:

- How do I port the code without rewriting it so I can create a second part to the same type of level?
This is really important because my initial goal was to create multiple parts to each level. The only method I can see right now is to create a second file with almost the exact same code except the images and the text are different. This is not what I want to do. After I have gotten a start on the Single Point of Failure level, I will definitely give it more research.

- Create a back/restart button
When everything is functioning perfectly, it will be annoying to constantly refresh the web application to switch between levels or restart. Right now, I don't see it as of much importance because I am constantly refreshing to test things out anyways but when people play the game, they shouldn't be doing that.
