# Something Awesome sprint 2 complete!

Creating the screen and connecting it to the Home screen was pretty straightforward because it followed a similar route. However, from here, things changed up pretty quickly. This sprint's focus was "Single point of failure".

I really enjoyed writing the Cinderella part of the document because of what I did in trying to keep the different stories interesting. For the Security Through Obscurity document, I used the Disney version of Sleeping Beauty so I didn't want to use the Disney version of Cinderella. I looked at the Wikipedia page of Cinderella and read through a few of them. It was very interesting to see some of them didn't have a shoe, didn't have a prince or didn't have a fairy godmother. I ended up picking the Grimm version and I know Grimm fairy tales are known to be scary, but it wasn't that bad. However, that might be because it was in a Wikipedia article so, who knows. Analysing Cinderella, I realised that at different points in her life, there were different weak spots for anyone who wanted to ruin her life could attack. Each level in my Single Point of Failure game represents this.

[Image of SPOF screen's start screen]

This is the screen that I have so far when you enter the Single Point of Failure level. In the Security Through Obscurity level, I didn't add a "How to play" button because it's much simpler and I didn't know how to. In the tutorial screen, I explained how to play and what the circles at the top and the circles on the side mean. The circles at the top indicates what level the player is up to. The circles on the side indicate how many lives the player has.

[Image of SPOF screen's tutorial screen]

The hardest part with coding this screen was finding the right values so it didn't look weird. I don't like hard-coding values but I'm at a certain point where there are things more important than the extensability of my code.

I'm pretty happy with the scenarios that I made up for the different levels. However, the choices for some of them require a little work. Each scenario forces the player to consider the perspective of a different character in the story, their motive, their end goal and what method would work best. The difficulty ramps up as the choices become more similar but there are still clear differences between them. I think the most unsatisfactory one is the final part where you have to think of the perspective of the prince. I also added little explanation screens after the player has chosen an option.

Some final tweaks for future is that right now, I don't force a game over on the player and instead just alert() them. I also need more clearer indications. For example, nothing visually changes when the player picks an option moving forward -- they just don't get an alert() saying they haven't picked an option, and the reduction of lives isn't very clear either.

I have decided tomorrow to clean up my documents and record my video. That's all the coding Clarissa will be doing!! :)
