docs/SocialEngineering.md, before:

# Social Engineering

The social engineering level tests the user's ability to misdirect others and abuse their cognitive biases. 

There will be a meter that starts at a certain percentage in the level. This meter measures their focus. If the meter hits zero, the game ends. If the meter hits one hundred, the game will proceed to the next part. To advance the meter, there will be a series of actions or dialogues you can choose, and they will either add or subtract points. 

## What Began the Trojan War

It is believed the Greek gods were the ones that catalysed the Trojan war, and what it took was a little social engineering. Similar to the story of Sleeping Beauty, it all started with a "gift" from an unwanted guest. This time the unwanted guest was Eris, the goddess of discord, and her gift was a golden apple with the inscription "To the fairest". Three goddesses, Athena, Hera and Aphrodite, wanted that apple. Eris being the goddess of discord really knew how to reign chaos with little to no effort on her part. The other gods were afraid to choose so they employed a human to do so. This human was Paris of Troy, and he couldn't choose either, so instead each goddess resorted to bribes. Athena offered him wisdom, skill in battle and the abilities of all the greatest warriors, Hera offered him political power and control of all of Asia and Aphrodite offered him the love of the most beautiful mortal woman in the world. Aphrodite employed her own social engineering here preying on the his deepest desire. Since the most beautiful woman (Helen of Sparta) was already married, this sparked the Trojan War.

**Recommendations for the attacker**:

The attackers in this story are Eris and Aphrodite who employ social engineering successfully on the three goddesses and Paris respectively.

**Recommendations for the defender**:

The defenders in this story are the victims of the attackers - Athena, Hera and Aphrodite, and Paris.

What could Athena, Hera and Aphrodite have done to not be prey of Eris' social engineering?

- They could have gone against Zeus' order for excluding Eris in particular. There are much worse gods to have at parties than Eris and yet she was the only one excluded. If Eris had no motive to cause discord, this would solve a lot of problems. I've read somewhere that the gods aren't meant to be humans but really exaggerated humans with dangerous amounts of power. This incident really supports that theory because it is common for humans to avoid a situation by pushing it away rather than fix it properly.
- The gods aren't meant to be able to learn from their mistakes. That's why Zeus impregnates every second woman in Ancient Greece... but if the gods could learn from their mistakes, that would solve a lot of problems. It is too common of a situation for the gods to be tricked into humiliation through the same method over and over again. Athena turned Ariadne into a spider for being better than her at weaving. Hera curses half the women Zeus impregnates even though it is Zeus who deserves the punishment. Aphrodite has a fragile ego and can't imagine anyone being more beautiful than her to the point she tortured her own son's wife, Psyche.
- The most practical solution would be to investigate the apple. Who did it come from? Where did it come from? Is it even safe to eat? Surely the person who gifted the apple would tell them who the apple was intended for. This would lead them back to Eris who they know creates discord. Since every god has an insanely large ego, if they knew Eris was the one who gave the apple, they would ignore it, reluctant to give in to her discord.

What could Paris have done to not be prey of Aphrodite's social engineering?

- Aphrodite's gift in my opinion was a big scam. I doubt in Paris' wildest imaginations, he would be in the middle of a war between nations. Whenever anyone is approached with something that even remotely smells like a scam, they should ask for the details and compare with everything else in the market. If Paris asked for what would happen when he accepted each gift, would his decision have changed?

## The Emperor's New Clothes

Commit message:

Instead of doing recommendations for the attacker, I'm doing just analysis

docs/SocialEngineering.md, after:

# Social Engineering

The social engineering level tests the user's ability to misdirect others and abuse their cognitive biases. 

There will be a meter that starts at a certain percentage in the level. This meter measures their focus. If the meter hits zero, the game ends. If the meter hits one hundred, the game will proceed to the next part. To advance the meter, there will be a series of actions or dialogues you can choose, and they will either add or subtract points. 

## What Began the Trojan War

It is believed the Greek gods were the ones that catalysed the Trojan war, and what it took was a little social engineering. Similar to the story of Sleeping Beauty, it all started with a "gift" from an unwanted guest. This time the unwanted guest was Eris, the goddess of discord, and her gift was a golden apple with the inscription "To the fairest". Three goddesses, Athena, Hera and Aphrodite, wanted that apple. Eris being the goddess of discord really knew how to reign chaos with little to no effort on her part. The other gods were afraid to choose so they employed a human to do so. This human was Paris of Troy, and he couldn't choose either, so instead each goddess resorted to bribes. Athena offered him wisdom, skill in battle and the abilities of all the greatest warriors, Hera offered him political power and control of all of Asia and Aphrodite offered him the love of the most beautiful mortal woman in the world. Aphrodite employed her own social engineering here preying on his deepest desire. Since the most beautiful woman (Helen of Sparta) was already married, this sparked the Trojan War.

**Analysis for the attacker**:

The attackers in this story are Eris and Aphrodite who employ social engineering successfully on the three goddesses and Paris respectively.

How come Eris' social engineering was successful?

- Eris knew her audience. She wanted to ruin the party for the gods, and she accomplished that goal. The gods are known for their insane amounts of hubris and if you were to ask one who the best was, they would obviously say themselves. Every god would be fighting for themselves to be the best until they're threatened by a stronger god.
- In this situation, Eris pitted three equally strong goddesses against each other asking which one is the most beautiful. Typically, one would choose Aphrodite the goddess of beauty, but if let's say Hermes said Aphrodite wins, he would be under the wrath of Hera and Athena who were extremely fierce themselves. Hera known for her schemes against Zeus' affairs and children, and Athena known for turning the people she didn't like into monsters like Ariadne and Medusa.

How come Aphrodite's social engineering was successful?

- There's a pattern here and that pattern is social engineering is successful when you know your audience. Aphrodite knew what Paris wanted and she could give it to him. She said, "You want a beautiful wife? What if I give you the most beautiful mortal wife?" Hera and Athena gave their gifts thinking that was what any mortal man would want, but Aphrodite is the goddess of love and hence, has a closer connection with humans and being able to identify their desires.
- He instantly accepted without thinking of the consequences. It might seem less daunting than the other gifts Hera and Athena offered him because there was no immediate responsibility attached. If he was given control of all of Asia, well that would mean he had to take care of all of Asia. If he was given the strength and tactics in battle, he would have to go into battle and fight or he would suffer the social consequences.

**Recommendations for the defender**:

The defenders in this story are the victims of the attackers - Athena, Hera and Aphrodite, and Paris.

What could Athena, Hera and Aphrodite have done to not be prey of Eris' social engineering?

- They could have gone against Zeus' order for excluding Eris in particular. There are much worse gods to have at parties than Eris and yet she was the only one excluded. If Eris had no motive to cause discord, this would solve a lot of problems. I've read somewhere that the gods aren't meant to be humans but really exaggerated humans with dangerous amounts of power. This incident really supports that theory because it is common for humans to avoid a situation by pushing it away rather than fix it properly.
- The gods aren't meant to be able to learn from their mistakes. That's why Zeus impregnates every second woman in Ancient Greece... but if the gods could learn from their mistakes, that would solve a lot of problems. It is too common of a situation for the gods to be tricked into humiliation through the same method over and over again. Athena turned Ariadne into a spider for being better than her at weaving. Hera curses half the women Zeus impregnates even though it is Zeus who deserves the punishment. Aphrodite has a fragile ego and can't imagine anyone being more beautiful than her to the point she tortured her own son's wife, Psyche.
- The most practical solution would be to investigate the apple. Who did it come from? Where did it come from? Is it even safe to eat? Surely the person who gifted the apple would tell them who the apple was intended for. This would lead them back to Eris who they know creates discord. Since every god has an insanely large ego, if they knew Eris was the one who gave the apple, they would ignore it, reluctant to give in to her discord.

What could Paris have done to not be prey of Aphrodite's social engineering?

- Aphrodite's gift in my opinion was a big scam. I doubt in Paris' wildest imaginations, he would be in the middle of a war between nations. Whenever anyone is approached with something that even remotely smells like a scam, they should ask for the details and compare with everything else in the market. If Paris asked for what would happen when he accepted each gift, would his decision have changed?

## The Emperor's New Clothes

The Emperor's New Clothes is the story of a conceited emperor. The story starts off with two con artists who pretend to be weavers. They tell the emperor, "We can make clothes for you that can't be seen by those who are stupid or incompetent." The emperor hires them instantly and for days, they sit with empty looms. No one says anything because they are afraid of being thought stupid or incompetent. Once they say they have finished, the scam artists pretend to put on clothes on the emperor. The emperor then wears his "clothes" out in the city and no one is brave enough to say anything because they don't want everyone to think they're stupid or incompetent. 

**Analysis for the attacker**:

The attackers who are socially engineering are the two scam artists. In most tellings of this tale, what happens to the scam artists is unclear or they escape freely. Instead of considering the recommendations, let's see how the social engineering worked.

- Social engineering typically works best on people who are not expecting it. The emperor is not only a pompous fool but completely oblivious to the idea that anyone could possibly be disloyal to him. Therefore, he makes a really easy target.
- The way they phished him was through what he most lavishly spends on - clothes. By posing as weavers instead of carpenters or jewellers, they are targeting the emperor's love of clothes.
- Since they describe the clothes as not being able to be seen by stupid or incompetent people, the scam artists prey on people's focus on what others think of them. If they couldn't see it, people would think they are stupid! If they couldn't see it, people would think they are incompetent! Not only does it ruin their social status and could lead to them losing their sense of belonging, they could also lose their job because they are supposedly incompetent.

**Recommendations for the defender**:

There are many different defenders in this story including the king, the servants in the royal palace and the townspeople. What could they have done to ensure they weren't tricked so easily?
